[Music]
again in the ninth year in the tenth
month on the tenth day of the month the
word of the Lord came to me son of man
write down the name of the day this very
day the king of Babylon started his
siege against Jerusalem this very day
and utter a parable to the rebellious
house and say to them thus says the Lord
God put on a pot set it on and also pour
water into it gather pieces of meat in
it every good piece the thigh and the
shoulder fill it with choice cuts take
the choice of the flock also pile fuel
burns under it make it boil well and let
the cuts simmer in it therefore thus
says the Lord God
woe to the bloody City to the part whose
scum is in it and whose scum has not
gone from it bring it out piece by piece
on which no lot has fallen for her blood
is in her midst she set it on top of a
rock she did not pour it on the ground
to cover it with dust that it may raise
up fury and take vengeance I have set
her blood on top of a rock that it may
not be covered therefore thus says the
Lord God whoa - the bloody City I - will
make the pyre great heap on the wood
kindled fire cook the meat well mix in
the spices and let the cuts be burned up
then set the pot empty on the coals that
it may become hot and it's bronze may
burn that it's filthiness may be melted
in it that it's scum may be consumed she
has grown weary with lies and her great
scum has not gone from her let her scum
be in the fire in your filthiness is
lewdness because I have cleansed you and
you were not cleansed you will not be
cleansed of your filthiness anymore till
I have caused my fury to rest upon you I
the LORD have spoken it it shall come to
pass and I will do it I will not hold
back nor will i spare nor will i relent
according to your ways and according to
your deeds they will judge you says the
Lord God also the word of the Lord came
to me saying son of man behold I take
away from you the desire of your eyes
with one stroke it you shall neither
more nor weep nor shall your tears run
down sigh in silence make no mourning
for the dead find your turban on your
head and put your sandals on your feet
do not cover your lips and do not eat
man's bread of Psalm
[Music]
so I spoke to the people in the morning
and at evening my wife died and the next
morning I did as I was commanded and the
people said to me will you not tell us
what these things signify to us that you
behave so then I answered them the word
of the Lord came to me saying speak to
the house of Israel thus says the Lord
God behold I will profane my sanctuary
you're arrogant boast
the desire of your eyes the delight of
your soul and your sons and daughters
whom you left behind shall fall by the
sword and you shall do as I have done
you shall not cover your lips nor eat
man's bread of sorrow your turban shall
be on your heads and your sandals on
your feet you shall neither mourn nor
weep but you shall pine away in your
iniquities and mourn with one another
thus Ezekiel is a sign to you according
to all that he has done you shall do and
when this comes you shall know that I am
the Lord God and you son of man will it
not be in the day when I take from them
their stronghold their joy and their
glory
the desire of their eyes and that on
which they set their minds their sons
and their daughters that on that day one
who escapes will come to you to let you
hear it with your ears on that day your
mouth will be open to him who has
escaped you shall speak and no longer be
mute thus you will be assigned to them
and they shall know that I am the Lord
you